what is up guys it's me again spamming
your inboxes I know I uploaded a video
yesterday but I just have to upload this
to a dispenser based combination lock
I've looked around and YouTube trying to
find one of these I haven't all credit
goes to fredo one because he's the one
that found out about this basically so
how it works is you put an item on your
so that the fault combination is an item
on this one and this one so you put
items there you press this button over
here and I'm just gonna go on the other
side to guess who that's from last
attempt at making this video which
pretty much failed so anyways so one the
items fall and it's actually on the
correct positions door opens for a split
second and it locks so you can set it to
any kind of combination you could think
of maybe item item no item and then item
or just I don't know just item on the
first one maybe you know whatever you
want up to you and the cool thing is
that for example if that was just so to
open this door you would only need to
put an item here right so you would only
put an item on this dispenser but if you
didn't know that the password and you
put like two like that so I mean if it
was just this one it would work but the
thing is that sings there's this other
one it locks the system for five minutes
until the item V spots so if you get the
password wrong you have to wait five
minutes before you can try again which
is really cool it's just another
security measure that this thing has and
I'm just gonna and what this is it's
basically a signal shortener which makes
the long lever signal into a or a
continuous signal into a button tick so
not one thick it's actually like a six
thick thing but anyways so I think
that's it and yeah like I said it's
really cool all credit goes to Friday
one it was the one that found out about
it I've looked around in YouTube haven't
found anything on this so yeah and BTW
on this tomorrow yeah spamming your
inbox again